"Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), provides developers and IT teams with secure,<br>
durable, highly-scalable object storage. Unity developers can take advantage of S3 to dynamically<br>
load assets used by their games. This can make games initially download quicker from app stores."

S3 features:

    * Tiered Storage Available
    * Lifecycle Management - manage which storage tier
      the file you uploaded goes to
    * Versioning - managing different versions of your file
      and restore previous versions
    * Encryption
    * Security - using ACL (Access Control Lists) and 
      bucket policies

S3 is object-based storage. The data itself is spread across multiple locations.

Files can be from 0 Bytes to 5 TB. There is unlimited storage.<br>
Files are stored in buckets.
Bucket name must be globally unique

    * For example: https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mybucket
    * HTTP 200 code is returned when a file
      is uploaded successfully to S3

Objects consist of:

    * Key - name of the object
    * Value - the data itself
    * Version ID - used for versioning
    * Metadata - data about the data
        
Data consistency

    * New objects - writing a new file, you will be able immediately read it
    * Overwrite and deletes - updating a file or deleting it, you may get the
      older version when reading it as changes to objects can take some time to
      be applied

Transfer Acceleration

    * when used, users will upload a file to the edge location which will then upload the 
      files from edge locations to the bucket in specific location using optimized network path (Amazon internal network)

Cross Region Replication

    * For example: you have a bucket in Europe and you upload there a file from USA. This file will be replicated to USA region.

Charges

    * You are charged for the following: storage, requests, storage management, data transfer, transfer acceleration and cross region replication

Storage Classes

    * Standard:
      * Used for general, all-purpose storage (mostly storage that needs to be accessed frequently)
      * The most expensive storage class 
      * 11x9% durability
      * 2x9% availability
      * Default storage class

    * Standard-IA (Infrequent Access)
      * Long lived, infrequently accessed data but must be available the moment it's being accessed
      * 11x9% durability
      * 99.90% availability

    * One Zone-IA (Infrequent Access):
      * Long-lived, infrequently accessed, non-critical data
      * Less expensive than Standard and Standard-IA storage classes
      * 2x9% durability
      * 99.50% availability
      
    * Intelligent-Tiering:
      * Long-lived data with changing or unknown access patterns. Basically, In this class the data automatically moves to the class most suitable for you based on usage patterns
      * Price depends on the used class
      * 11x9% durability
      * 99.90% availability

    * Glacier: Archive data with retrieval time ranging from minutes to hours
    * Glacier Deep Archive: Archive data that rarely, if ever, needs to be accessed with retrieval times in hours
    * Both Glacier and Glacier Deep Archive are:
      * The most cheap storage classes
      * have 9x9% durability 

Hosting a website

    * You can host static websites on s3
    * You cannot host dynamic websites on s3
    * s3 scales automatically to meet your website demands
